I am here for david simon fruit farmer
also burned in the street
affected how bad is it with them
very bad is discussed a lot about
this medium streptomycin would have them
that helped
That was the next two years
what kind of damage do you have to fear?
everything does not work on their cultures yet
predict how many trees have they
and how many customers would be affected in the
worst case about 6000 trees but
in the plant and in the worst case
could be between 800 and 1000 trees
be affected
they wanted to invest some in the
next year and have this
they can think about it because they think so
I have now filed everything but files
where to see how it goes on
they excuse several
we are here on the estate of viruses
Thüringer hin highest as hardwich who
she has met the association
It is difficult to say that you know
not just as a matter the
advanced
they have very strong orders so you
do not know how much you have to red
two with two ponds are
to clear one hundred percent and have them
then usually only in two weeks
once again developed with the
promote
how could it look like if it were completely
bad comes that knows I can
Do not give any information I want it that way
I'm not shocked by that
can give information
see it as fate or as a whole
as something that could have been avoided
and you avoid 100 percent
can
the investigators close in Germany
is injected says take leave at
we are opponents where easy
push in between
deliver them to trade very much like
this will continue in the next
years for her if at all
I can not go on how can I go on
I say that directly from one
race platforms I do not know how it works
diploma engineer ulrich continues
this top box values ​​at the
Chamber of Agriculture how bad has
the body the local fruit farmers
So some options caught that
although the last fire has been burning for years
have experienced that it is that
Worst year since occur in
Vorarlberg so I once
at least three hectares from us at about
30 hectares of pomaceous fruit surface so the very
that is also badly affected
I endanger myself at risk
now with clipping measures too
save what is to be saved so you will
in the next three weeks
then probably see if it's something
where has brought the whole thing
extent of the infections and visible to me
was
late blooms symptom and they bloom
that the symptoms bloom late
come now only in those days or
the beginning of next week and
there will see if it synonymous with those
also give infections or not
you see solutions that you can
at some point the body to her
can
yes, you know that there are agents that
work relatively well
of course that includes the whole
so the field after the fruit like
before knowing is done to
monitor the infection
eliminate and the like more
So what else am I currently unfortunately
Also not known how high or how
Low value the opportunities
that sometime in the next few years
in an alternative medium is developed
as an alternative to the controversial
Streptomycin There are some agents that
they have also been developed in the laboratory
have worked relatively well but we have
easy in our busy
area realizes that so this
efficiencies because far too little
sense of in alternative means the speech
from the emptying pond and a yeast preparation
and you consider these experiments as complete
View failed
yes at the yeast this morning had the
developer dogs of representatives of the
manufacturer company there so were the goods too
affected there despite four times help
spraying 50 50 to 70 percent of
flowers still vision of a tree
stricken we are now, of course,
trying to think where could that be
there are possible
sources of error or so was there but me
So I think right now is the topic
maxed out with our strong attack
There was always pressure there
alternatively mediterranean have that very much
Many tests made with ball is ol with
nanosilver and vital citrus extract
and so on and so on
but unfortunately you can not reach them
effect me in our area
would need
Many Thanks